# Intelligent-Code-Editor
Our senior design project’s goal is to create an intelligent code editor. An intelligent code editor enables a developer to write a natural language statement (normal English) into the code editor, and our project will convert that natural language into code that can be executed. This project will consist of creating a user interface where the user can enter their natural language statements and a back-end system that will store and classify the natural language and translate the natural language to code. This project will have a large impact on new developers, allowing them to interact with the code easier by writing free form statements at any place inside the code environment. This project may also have a large impact on the future of software development as developers can write code from natural language, making the coding process faster and easier.

My role in this project is the Meeting Facilitator. In this role, I will coordinate and lead team meetings, facilitate member interaction in the meetings, guide the team to decisions, manage resource allocations, and conflict resolutions. I believe my prior experience in similar positions in the past and my personal traits of organization, leadership, and communication will allow me to succeed in this position. In addition, I will help with the data analytics, software development, and machine learning parts of the project.

Some skills that I will gain in this project is data analytics skills as we will need to store the natural language statements and create a data set to analyze and verify our design. I will also gain skills with GUI software development as we will need to create a front-end that allows the user to input their natural language statements. I will also learn more about natural language processing as we will need to parse through the natural language to translate it to code. These will all be useful skills that I can use during my career.

A link to our senior design group’s website can be found at https://sdmay20-46.sd.ece.iastate.edu. Here you will find more information about our project and some of our project documents.
